WinForms Design-time properties overview (#1675)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/framework/winforms/controls/walkthrough-automatically-populating-the-toolbox-with-custom-components.md

When you are finished, you will see that the **Toolbox** is populated with a component that you have created.

> [!NOTE]

> > The **Toolbox** doesn't follow reference chains, so it won't display items that are not built by a project in your solution.

Author: @KlausLoeffelmann How about 

> The **Toolbox** only displays components from libraries directly referenced by your project or components defined by a project in the solution.

> > The **Toolbox** doesn't follow reference chains, so it won't display items that are not built by a project in your solution.

Author: ```suggestion
> The **Toolbox** only displays components from libraries directly referenced by your project or components defined by a project in the solution.
```
